README.md: Don't speak of QL4E anymore (#2348)
Semmle/ql: README.md

## How do I learn CodeQL and run queries?

There is [extensive documentation](https://help.semmle.com/QL/learn-ql/) on getting started with writing CodeQL.

> You can use the [interactive query console](https://lgtm.com/help/lgtm/using-query-console) on LGTM.com or the [CodeQL for Visual Studio Code](https://lgtm.com/help/lgtm/running-queries-ide) extension to try out your queries on any open source project that's currently being analyzed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [interactive query console](https://lgtm.com/help/lgtm/using-query-console) on LGTM.com or the [CodeQL for Visual Studio Code](https://help.semmle.com/codeql/codeql-for-vscode.html) extension to try out your queries on any open source project that's currently being analyzed.
```

I'd recommend changing the link too.
